OSDOCS-16538:Life Cycle Extension -UI for OSD and ROSA. (#101435)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/create-wif-cluster-ocm.adoc

Workload Identity Federation (WIF) is only supported on {product-title} version 4.17 and later.
====
+
.. Select a channel group from the *Channel group* drop-down menu.
+
[NOTE]
====

> Channel group options include *Stable* (default option) and *EUS*. For more information about the Stable and EUS channel group options, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.20/html/updating_clusters/understanding-openshift-updates-1#understanding-update-channels-releases[Understanding update channels and releases].

Reviewer: For the link URL, I would use `latest` instead of the actual version number. This will automatically redirect to the latest version (which is 4.20). That way you don't have to update this link every time a new version of OpenShift is released.

A couple optional suggestions:
- For the link text, specify that the link goes to the OCP documentation since we're sending the reader to a different doc set.
- Consider using a snippet for this note since it's repeated in a few different places.

```suggestion
Channel group options include *Stable* (default option) and *EUS*. For more information about the Stable and EUS channel group options, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/latest/html/updating_clusters/understanding-openshift-updates-1#understanding-update-channels-releases[Understanding update channels and releases] in the OpenShift Container Platform documentation.
```
